fix(metrics): Fetch project states during aggregator shutdown [INGEST-784 INGEST-997] (#1205)
getsentry/sentry-relay: CHANGELOG.md

- Tag transaction metrics by user satisfaction. ([#1197](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1197))

**Bug Fixes**:

> - Fetch project states during aggregator shutdown. ([#1205](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1205))

Reviewer: Can we make the changelog entry slightly more descriptive? Something like:

```suggestion
- Prevent dropping metrics during Relay shutdown if the project is outdated or not cached at time of the shutdown. ([#1205](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/1205))
```
